Hello Team,

There is a change in the dataset for assignment. Instead of hotel industry data, please use backorder data. Below is the link for data set and description for data set.


Predict_Backorder.docx

Test_Dataset_v2.csv

Training_Dataset_v2.csv





Hi Team,

Hope you are doing well. 

Now, that we have covered supervised machine learning algorithms, model development and deployment in azure data bricks, web-app development through flask in a local system, and Calling/Utilization of APIs in local python. As a data scientist, now you are able to develop an end-end solution. To assess your understanding we would like you all to work on a similar problem/assignment (Deadline is tomorrow EOD). For this, you can use all of the codes/templates that have been shared with you. 

Details are as follows:

Use azure data bricks to perform the below steps :
1. You need to take hotel industry data (attached in the email).
2. Apply data preprocessing and data preparation steps for the development of a machine learning model where your target variable is 'is_cancelled'.
3. Apply and validate 3 different algorithms (as per your choice) for performance comparison and develop a final model on train data using a best algorithm. (Don't worry about ultra-high accuracy)
4. Log, register, and deploy the model on data bricks.

Use python in the local system:
1. Create a web app using flask that should test the above-deployed ml model using rest API endpoints by taking a sample input data and perform scoring (prediction). With the help of HTML templates that shared with you create three web pages :
a. First page home page showing 'Welcome data science team'
b. Second page that takes input for machine learning model (Inputs should be compatible )
c. Third page should show output/scoring using rest endpoints and input data.

Following should be your submission on google classroom :
1. Azure data bricks python script 
2. Your flask python script (.py file)
3. Screenshot of each webpage of the web app.

Share your submission under google classroom assignment 'End to End model development and consumption' .

We will assess each of your submissions during Wednesday(1 Sep 2021) session. Let me know if there is any conflict.

Thanks
Ankit